alright guys she's your old cages
goodbye
Gillian Truman are moving to their new
home ready to go and decorate them up
come on that's just like your cage but a
different color I think he's already
staked out which date she wants and
which one she's gonna let Truman have
and put it on the water bottles for
commuters
Michael from Drake very calm and this is
he and German and they're getting some
new pieces in the new bird room so
they're getting all new toys and a new
set up look at the stinky we're gonna go
look at this we see them yeah it's nice
like that
yeah but then climb up three down and
get all the pieces and can you look what
you're gonna get okay well you think it
nice shredder toy for a little birdie
like you yes what do you think of that
yeah that's a nice tool okay you're
excited about them a little bit that
intrusion so you can play with that
later too
okay look at this link I got for you Wow
Geralyn look at these toys these are
your favorites
well look at all the plastic pieces on
it okay well this what you got - oh you
sure excited about those Sherman what do
you think is that TV and Truman sure
loves new toys
all right getting ready to try new cages
you're tripping all right all right
Paige enjoy all right Santina look you
got some company in the room next door
say hi
[Music]
you